Add operator configuration instructions to oom_kill and tcp_queue_length checks (#14299)
DataDog/integrations-core: oom_kill/README.md

```

**Note**: Kernel version 4.11 or later is required for the OOM Kill check to work.

> In addition, Windows andCentOS/RHEL versions earlier than 8 are not supported.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
In addition, Windows and CentOS/RHEL versions earlier than 8 are not supported.
```

With the [Datadog Helm chart][4], ensure that the `datadog.systemProbe` and `datadog.systemProbe.enableOOMKill` parameters are enabled in the `values.yaml` file.

### Configuration with the Operator (v1.0.0+)

Set the `features.oomKill.enabled` parameter in the DatadogAgent manifest:
```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  features:
    oomKill:
      enabled: true
```

> **Note**: When using COS (Container Optimized OS), override the `src` volume in the node agent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: When using COS (Container Optimized OS), override the `src` volume in the node Agent:
```
